{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f2\fnil\fcharset134 PingFangSC-Regular;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Senin 28 April 2025\
1. following fahad regarding the date config in TCC\
2. TCC - discussing about the date with internal team\
3. TKH - solving wrong tax and reconciliation bug (TKH/INV/25004472 & CN/TKH/25020025)\
4. TKH - convert to revenue TKH (kelebihan deposit yang diconvert jadi revenue)\
5. handover Petersime dengan mba Kezia\
\
Selasa 29 April 2025\
1. perkenalan ke Petersime\
2. handover Bibus Metal dengan Amara\
3. Oishi - would you able to add our paid invoice nr in the dbs receivable GL (ga bisa, CR)\
4. Petersime - Hi team, is it necessary for us to use this staging link? or it just for our training purposes\
5. UMW - Farhanah access right\
6. Amrtur - Change Madiah to Najibah in PO\
7. Petersime - KLIA/Input location in Picking Notes\
8. Petersime - asking about Stock Count\
9. Petersime - asking about multiple inter-location transfer\
10. Petersime - correct the wrong qty of the items using stock count\
11. User ID interview - Andika Dwi Asmoro Wicaksono\
\
Rabu 30 April 2025\
1. Petersime -> remove Lowell and Carol from all the inventory approval matrix\
2. Petersime -> check the product PR-002171 moves\
3. TWP -> lagging issue\
4. Amrtur -> Remove some user from the system (intern Viro, Agus working on the task)\
5. Amrtur -> Revert back the status to draft so Anne able to change the qty\
6. TKH -> supplier credit note\
7. TCC -> date order in classes (david already handled it)\
8. Petersime -> staging accses\
9. Petersime -> Remove Validate function (cannot be done, since its a default flow and need a CR)\
\
Kami 1 May 2025\
Public Holiday\
\
Jumat 2 May 2025\
1. Petersime -> Moved all items from KLIA/Input to KLIA/Stock\
2. Petersime -> Adjusted the items qty that not tally\
3. Petersime -> Created the new product and add the stock to KLIA/Stock\
\
Senin 5 May 2025\
1. Mindef -> create Revise PO test case\
2. Oishi -> Tax in credit note\
3. Oishi -> Lagging (will migrate the server tonight)\
4. Bibus -> Merge new changes from core\
5. TCC -> Declaration portion export\
6. TCC -> Question about Credits Null\
7. Oishi -> Server Migration\
\
Selasa 6 May 2025\
1. Oishi -> Missing logo in the print out\
2. Oishi -> Favicon logo missing\
3. Mindef -> unit price is readonly if its partially shipped in revise PO\
4. Petersime -> cancel Packing Notes, will the item revert back to source location? (if Done, create an inter-location)\
5. Petersime -> create Picking Notes for different location\
6. Petersime -> Batch Picking\
7. Petersime -> Training about Batch Picking (sent a training kit)\
8. TCC -> duplicated customer (move the invoice from other customer)\
\
Rabu 7 May 2025\
1. Oishi -> adjust invoice export template\
2. Oishi -> downpayment demo video (issue in the settlement)\
3. TKH -> Attachment not found\
4. Mindef -> Third PO revison\
5. TCC -> move the invoice from other customer\
6. Petersime -> product category\
7. Oishi -> 503 error (restart the server service)\
8. Petersime -> Lagging\
\
Kami 8 May 2025\
1. Oishi -> Due date in customer statement\
2. Osihi -> Bad gateway\
3. TCC -> move the invoice from other customer\
4. TCC -> recommended way to create an adhoc customer bill\
5. Oishi -> Unique name in product creation\
6. TCC -> following up date server query to fahad\
7. Mindef -> assigning a task to dev regarding CR PO revise improvement\
8. Petersime -> Unique product code in in product creation\
9. TCC -> remove customer creation in invoice\
10. Mindef -> Implement a new improvement in for revise PO\
\
Jumat 9 May 2025\
1. TKH -> missng attn (with intern and david)\
2. Bibus -> Check cutting plan\
3. TKH -> server down\
4. Oishi -> following up oishi dp issue handled by mas Eky\
5. Oishi -> decimal unit price\
6. Oishi -> customer (help david)\
7. TCC -> sent error (the email has been sent properly but the status cutted off)\
8. TCC -> change the button text sent email -> email sent\
9. Petersime -> missing location\
\
Senin, 12 May 2025\
PH\
\
Selesa, 13 May 2025\
1. TKH -> check INV 25004610 (pls mark as paid)\
2. Oishi -> missing date in SOA\
3. Petersime -> missing location\
4. TCC -> change text button to email sent\
5. TCC -> restrict new customer creation\
6. TCC -> payment receipts printout adjustment\
7. Handover Trive\
8. Handover Maxhill\
9. Handover Italian food -> ongoing\
10. Petersime -> Pick operation type not created automatically\
\
Rabu, 14 May 2025\
1. Oishi -> different print out\
2. Petersime -> missing location (pick type not created)\
3. Petersime -> Customer edit\
4. Petersime -> reference must be unique\
5. Petersime -> DB for mas Irvan dev (Pick operation type not created automatically)\
6. Oishi -> lagging (send & print button related to this lagging issue)\
7. TCC -> Log when adding, editing or deleting user in manual enroll user (intake)\
8. TCC -> statistic report\
\
Kamis, 15 May 2025\
1. TCC -> statistic report\
2. \
\
Jumat, 16 May 2025\
1. TCC -> wrong module upgrade command\
2. Petersime -> following up unique reference issue to mas Irvan\
3. UMW -> testing server down\
4. Oishi -> duplicated SOA for 1 customer\
5. TCC -> statistic report\
6. Oishi -> CN creation\
7. Oishi -> cannot change the delivery in the invoice\
8. Oishi -> show delivery address in invoice (cannot)\
9. Oishi -> reserved invoice still appear in the SOA\
\
Senin, 19 May 2025\
1. TCC -> adding log and remove active filter in the statistic report push\
2. Petersime -> location fix push and corrective (pick type)\
3. TCC -> favourite filter\
4. TCC -> send a demo for adding a new favourite filter\
5. Petersime -> move the stock and archive the wrong product\
6. CF -> make a logo bigger (helping intern)\
7. CF -> adjust the detail SA (overlaping) (helping intern)\
8. Oishi -> CN cannot be reconciled with the Invoice (helping intern)\
9. Bibus -> JE for inventory\
10. Mindef -> handover from Zaidan\
11. Mindef -> invalid type \'93Product to Purchase\'94\
12. TKH -> Minus qty when RN\
13. Oishi -> Merging the customer\
14. Oishi -> Invoice amount is wrong after partially CN in SOA\
15. Oishi -> Partner Ageing\
\
Selasa, 20 May 2025\
1. Pixel -> Printout adjustment\
2. Oishi -> SOA not reducing the amount after partially CN\
3. TIFS -> change the email and login\
4. TIFS -> reset pass instruction\
5. Oishi -> change pass purchasing\
6. Oishi -> show CN and Invoice that have been paid (cannot)\
7. TIFS -> missing access Basilio\
8. TKH -> stock adjustment\
9. Mindef -> weekly meeting with Si Ying\
10. TKH -> change the sub total amount (cannot)\
11. Oishi -> Invoice and SOA merge (invoice, recepit and JI)\
12. TNL -> Credit limit config\
13. TIFS -> helping Dylan to create a template for stock_count and AR (AR should using income account)\
\
Rabu, 21 May 2025\
1. Pixel -> Remove testing word for TIN\
2. Pixel -> missing branch (looks like caused by a context)\
3. Mindef -> missing product in the Asset (missing in the running status only)\
4. Mindef -> guide the fix for FAR ID\
5. TIFS -> user unable to login\
6. Oishi -> GL and SOA not tally\
7. Mindef -> Discussing about the warning when editing the qty in the revise PO\
8. TNL -> answer Miss Judith questions regarding the Credit limit and Payment term maintainer\
9. TCC -> opening the survey link, after go back the system go to the main menu not to the student view\
10. Petersime -> missing location in the stock warehouse (change from the dynamic list and added all the user into the group)\
11. CF -> Helping intern to solve the logo and text report adjustment\
\
Kamis, 22 May 2025\
On Leave\
\
Jumat, 23 May 2025\
1. TCC -> graduation request questions\
2. TCC -> product category amendment\
3. Oishi -> SOA shows the CN\
4. Pixel -> Help intern to adjust INV and Bill\
5. Pixel -> Sequence per branch\
6. Mindef -> finance team not see a purchase menu\
7. Mindef -> FAR ID is not ticked in PO\
8. Mindef -> cannot cancel the PI (one of the PO not cancelled yet)\
9. Petersime -> Picking Notes enhancement\
\
Senin, 26 May 2025\
1. TCC -> down\
2. TCC -> incident report\
3. TCC -> OTP not receive\
4. Oishi -> Amount due in fully paid CN\
5. TKH -> Subtotal bigger that the Total\
6. TKH -> Bill with positive and negative lines\
7. TKH -> want to record GST only (create a bill using GST account)\
8. TKH -> cancel Bill 0783\
9. TCC -> Change the SMTP password\
10. TKH -> cannot paid a Bill\
11. TKH -> checking a bill with different currency\
12. CF -> directing intern (Nath) to check the latest changes in the live server\
13. Motul -> CSR file for SSL renewal\
14. TCC -> invoice created from the menu but not linked (adding log for invoice creation)\
15. TCC -> change the product category\
\
Selesa, 27 May 2025\
1. Motul -> Sent a CSR file for SSL cert renewal\
2. Pixel -> Sequence per branch\
3. Mindef -> sent an email about addition AOP flow in PO revision, and a tutorial of importing a new product or edit\
4. TNL -> propose a meeting schedule for cost improvement\
5. Mindef -> add a serial number when transferring an asset \
6. TCC -> Missing an audit trail (log is exist but need to refresh the page first)\
7. TKH -> bill using GST account\
8. TKH -> cannot create a bill for the PO\
9. Mindef -> branch head case synchronize (make a scheduler) \
10. MIndef -> weekly meeting\
11. TCC -> status mandatory in add-drop\
\
Rabu, 28 May 2025\
1. TCC -> checking log changes in the testing server\
2. Petersime -> Helping David to solve petersime\'92s issue\
3. Petersime -> suggesting selecting ''Default to stock on hand"\
4. Petersime -> other ID can access the stock count\
5. TCC -> add drop menu adjustment (status will mandatory for a line additions) \
6. TCC -> change the order field of add drop\
7. TNL -> attachment download (cant download a file bigger than 10mb)\
8. Mindef -> asset product change (should unable)\
9. TCC -> third recommendation\
\
Kamis, 29 May 2025\
1. UMW -> Missing Rental Quotation\
2. TCC -> Add drop (add) asking nikita why cannot add an intake\
3. TCC -> third recommender\
4. Eon -> handover from Capt Alfi\
5. Giga Gas -> hide some dummy data\
6. Oishi -> check missing word in delivery address\
7. Oishi -> add bold line and text in the invoice payment details\
8. Mindef -> changing a product when the asset is running (they need to hide some assets from the general report) check which asset that will shows in the report 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
9. TCC -> status mandatory when adding a new line (add-drop) \
10. TNL -> File attachment cant be downloaded (due to server download file limit)\
11. Oishi -> Remove kenny from the system\
\
Jumat, 30 May 2025\
1. Petersime -> Server Down\
2. Oishi -> Kenny access remove\
3. TKH -> cant do a delivery\
4. TCC -> down server question from jasmine\
5. TCC -> course inactive in course menu \
6. TCC -> course level filter in intake \
7. TCC -> third recommendation button visibility \
8. TCC -> reassign LMS role, how about the \
9. Mindef -> Bank vote option in the PR and vendor option in the blanket order\
10. TCC -> \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
faculty selection in the intake will show an active faculty only \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
11. TCC -> preparing a new testing db for testing \
12. TCC -> sharon question about server\
13. Motul -> wrong CRS file \
\
Senin, 2 June 2025\
1. Pixel Mafia -> Cebu branch missing\
2. Mindef -> Far ID missing in some procurement method, and missing when recreate a PO in AOP\
3. Pijar -> Handover from Rajasa\
4. Oishi -> Invoice header\
5. TCC -> correct the account for tshirt\
6. Motul -> send a new CSR file\
7. TCC -> check Vibrant case\
8. TCC -> assigning task \'93Faculty in the intake should only show "active" faculty\'94\
9. TCC -> third recommendation button visibility\
10. Motul -> SSL renewal\
\
Selesa, 3 June 2025\
1. Oishi -> SOA with ageing\
2. Oishi -> CN with the wrong tax\
3. TCC -> server question\
4. Bibus -> dummy background\
5. Bibus -> product search\
6. Bibus -> default COA\
7. Mindef -> weekly meeting\
8. Mindef -> PO printout\
9. Mindef -> cancellation flow\
10. Mindef -> check pushed UAT (Far id and revise PO)\
11. Oishi -> partner ageing report\
12. Amrtur -> create a new dept (callibration)\
13. Aluputer -> revise a PO (cancel the Bill and return the Ship first)\
14. Bibus -> product code change\
\
Rabu, 4 June 2025\
1. Mindef -> user and location synchronised\
2. TNL -> input cost center (analytic group) for payment difference account (no possible)\
3. Mindef -> FAR ID must ticked until PO\
4. TCC -> issue update\
5. TNL -> adding payment term and change the pt for 1 vendor\
6. Mindef -> update all the issues in CR UAT\
7. Bibus -> remarks in the printout (show notes from the \'91company\'92)\
8. TCC -> mass edit status\
9. TNl -> history record of the inventory standard cost (inven valuations)\
10. Oishi -> implement adding border and adding word in the printout\
11. Bibus -> remove time from the order date and delivery date\
12. TCC -> push all changes and improvement\
13. TCC -> add \'91active faculty\'92 status in the faculty profile menu\
\
Kamis, 5 June 2025\
1. TCC -> Update the changes and improvement to the group\
2.. TCC -> create a guidance of changing the acad tracking status for sheena and IT\
3. SQC -> new user creation\
4. Bibus -> Print out incoming good\
5. TCC -> preparing the testing db\
6. Bibus -> add heat number in detailed operation printout\
7. SQC -> invitation email\
8. Bibus -> same product in the lines\
\
Jumat, 6 June 2025\
Leave\
\
Selesa, 10 June 2025\
1. Amrtur -> Down\
2. Oishi -> cannot create cn\
3. Petersime -> send the new testing link\
4. TCC -> term not selected correctly\
5. TCC -> answer jasmine question\
6. TCC -> masking data\
7. TNL -> vendor created on oct 2024 - june 2025\
8. Mindef -> cancellation flow\
9. Pijar -> add a new access studio\
10. Mindef -> weekly update meeting\
11. Pijar -> access rights for internal admin\
12. Fass -> reports download memory limit\
13. Beecho -> cannot print the invoice \
14. Motul -> CSR file\
\
Rabu, 11 June 2025\
1. Oishi -> cannot confirm CN\
2. TCC -> revise incident report\
3. TCC -> masking dummy data \
4. FASS -> reports download memory limit\
5. Beecho -> cannot print the invoice\
6. Motul -> CSR file SSL renewal\
7. Bibus -> missing Lot in outgoing\
8. Bibus -> missing Lot in incoming detailed operation printout\
9. Bibus -> Missing Lot created from the incoming\
10. Pijar -> Cannot save the RFQ (because the branch doesnt have a warehouse)\
\
Kamis, 12 June 2025\
1. Mindef -> cancel button visibility\
2, Mindef -> cancel warning improvement\
3, Mindef -> The reason/justification of cancellation pop up for PI, PE, AOP. required dan stored in log\
4. Pijar -> summary of the issue post golive\
5. TCC -> Cannot open testing link (restarted)\
6. Oishi -> missed\
7. Bibus -> cannot create PO (helping david)\
8. Beecho -> cannot print the invoice (push to the live server, helping intern)\
9. Motul -> CSR file SSL renewal (discuss with fahad)\
10. TNL -> who create Mayora customer?\
11. Motul -> SSL Renewal \
\
Jumat, 13 June 2025\
1. TCC -> testing server and tested a course regist submission\
2, Oishi -> helping to add the customer ID (tick is_customer)\
3. Mindef -> check new fixing (cancel improvement) CR 20\
4. Motul -> CSR file SSL renewal (discuss with fahad)\
5. Oishi -> helping to remove duplicated users\
6. Cek DB in IO using SSH\
7. TKH -> cannot create a Bill (because the ref is duplicated on the same date)\
8. TCC -> session is not expired after inactive for sometime\
9. Pijar -> following up the latest update feedback\
10. Mindef -> AOP flow included to the CR 42\
11. Oishi -> new SOA alignment\
\
Senin, 16 June 2025\
1. TNL -> cancel PO/S/25/06/10/678\
2. Oishi -> SOA alignment\
3. Oishi -> Partner ageing decimal\
4. Mindef -> The PO amount cannot exceed the AOP amount\
5. Pixel -> staging link\
6. Motul -> SSL renewal\
7. Mindef -> answer the email about the cancel visibility and email separated for AOP additional logic\
8. Mindef -> check the new changes about PO amount cannot exceed the AOP amount\
9. Mindef -> send an update email about AOP logic\
10. Oishi -> implement the SOA alignment and Partner ageing decimal in the live server\
\
Selasa, 17 June 2025\
1. UMW -> email server pass changed\
2. UMW -> resend failed email\
3. TNL -> RFQ become blanket order (need to convert to the PO) \
4. Terrenus -> clear data\
5. Mindef -> Weekly meeting and CR phase 2 \
6. Mindef -> check 2 issue from the email \
7. Mindef -> UAT document \
8. Trive -> check last user login\
9. TNL -> CR\
10. Pixel Mafia -> new User email invitation \
11. Pixel Mafia -> live and testing explanation (reset katrina password)\
12. Oishi -> compare the partner ageing and SOA\
13. Oishi -> date in the SOA should show the filter date\
\
Rabu, 18 June 2025\
1. Oishi -> server down\
2. Oishi -> SOA download (asking intern to proceed)\
3. Millwork -> disable auto generate product code (helping intern (Viro))\
4. TNL -> cannot download attachment\
5. CBPP -> project Handover by Mufti\
6. TNL -> RFQ become a BO\
7. TCC -> cannot submit the course regist\
8. Oishi -> server down\
9. Amrtur -> helping intern (Agus) to remove approval matrix line\
10. FASS -> helping Arfal to create a product import template\
11. Aluputer -> helping Viro to change the name of the user\
12. Mindef -> Asking Nathaniel to copy the UAT to the docx template\
13. The Strait -> helping Agus to send the latest auth as their request\
14. TCC -> change the price for posted invoice\
15. Oishi -> Check between the SOA and partner ageing\
16. Oishi -> KD SUPPLY PTE LTD appears in the ageing report today, but it was not shown in the previous reports\
\
Kamis, 19 June 2025\
1. Amrtur -> server down\
2. Server -> cannot renew the SSL (coordinating with server team and indo team)\
3. TWP -> helping Arfal to check TWP server\
4. Mindef -> server error when new IH need to generate report 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
5. TCC -> cannot submit the course regist (possible caused by empty course type)\
6. TCC -> change the wording in the recommendation form\
7. Oishi -> Server down and lagging\
8. Oishi -> SOA show the total amount for partially paid invoice \
9. Oishi -> remove the tax from RFQ lines\
10. Mindef -> assigning the devtask to mas Yuniar (Revised PE award to link to the AOP)\
11. Mindef -> assigning the devtask to mas Yuniar (Qty change in the Revised PO, change the unit price as well)\
12. TIFS -> project Handover by Dylan\
13. Mindef -> Asset for Product asset appear in the location \
\
Jumat, 20 June 2025\
On leave\
\
Senin, 23 June 2025\
1. TNL -> cannot download attachment (not found)\
2. Maxhill -> user creation (uninstall user limit)\
3. Cleverads -> helping arfal to fix printout template (because of web.base.url)\
4. Mindef ->  Fix - Service cant be selected in the asset 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
5. FASS -> helping Arfal to create an import template\
6. Mindef -> PR (SPV) but the PO can be cancelled\
7. Mindef -> Attachment visibility \
8. 3th Appraisal with pak Setiawan\
8. TCC -> Missing \'93Credit or Audit\'94\
9. Terrenus -> Clear the data\
10. Amrtur -> revert back the RFQ to draft\
11. FMCS -> stop the service\
12. Mindef -> IH access comparison\
\
Selasa, 24 June 2025\
1. TKH -> cannot create the bill\
2. Maxhill -> access question\
3. Amrtur -> helping intern (agus)\
4. TCC -> Graduation test (share the tetsing url)\
5. EON -> Payment validations (and make the system accessible)\
6. Petersime -> add difference in the count sheet (stock count printout)\
7. Petersime -> make an export template for stock count\
8. TKH -> cannot print the SQ (Red server full)\
9. UMW -> cannot print the CO (Red server full)\
10. Aluputer -> cannot print the PO (Red server full)\
11. Mindef -> Attachment visibility \
12. Mindef -> UAT document\
13. Mindef -> PR or PO location in asset \
14. TCC -> minimal word limit for \'93testimony\'94 in grad request\
15. TCC -> \'93nationality\'94 CN translation (
\f2 \'b9\'fa\'bc\'ae
\f0 ) in grad request\
\
Rabu, 25 June 2025\
1. Mindef -> PR or PO location in asset\
2. Mindef -> Check if the name change executed after PR/PO is done 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
3. Mindef -> Weekly meeting\
4. Mindef -> Discuss PR using SPV with mas Yuniar\
5. Mindef -> check Business Rule AOR\
6. Motul -> SSL renewal discussion\
7. TCC -> Nationality Translation in grad request\
8. TCC -> Missing regtype when add drop  \
9. TCC -> OLMS check function (helping intern)\
10. Oishi -> price change (controller (vivian) reset back to draft the invoice and change the price)\
11. Oishi -> Lagging\
12. TCC -> Minimum and Maximum word for testimony\
\
Kamis, 26 June 2025\
1. TCC -> checking OLMS\
2. Motul -> SSL Renewal\
3. Lumchang -> project Handover by Kezia\
4. Motul -> quick call with pak Catur to solve the Microsoft login\
5. Motul -> create a renewal setup document for future renewal\
6. TCC -> missing regtype\
7. TCC -> Ministry Involvement in Grad request\
8. TCC -> Minimum and Maximum word for testimony translations\
9. Mindef -> UAT document\
10. Traning with LND\
\
Senin, 30 June 2025\
1. Createries -> Server down\
2. DZH -> Server down\
3. Motul -> SSL renewal\
4. Mindef -> AOP Variations\
5. Mindef -> Attachment visibility\
6. Mindef -> PR cancelation using SPV\
7. TKH -> Total and amount due different\
8. TKH -> cannot validate DO (helping nathan)\
9. TCC -> Ministry Involvement in Grad request (took the latest date of the list)\
10. Petersime -> missing on hand qty (reserved for another transfer)\
11. Lumchang -> missing approval matrix (the approval configured after creation)\
\
Selasa, 1 July 2025\
1. Lumchang -> change confirmed material request (cannot, cancel and recreate)\
2. Helping Rajasa to provide email server config\
3. Motul -> SSL renewal\
4. Mindef -> AOP variation scenario\
5. Mindef -> weekly meeting\
6. TCC -> Change of study mode rejection scenario (cannot reject)\
7. TCC -> OLMS recheck\
8. Oishi -> inconsistency number in the SOA\
9. Oishi -> create an export template to export customer and contact details\
10. TCC -> corrective the missing regtype (asking Arfal for help)\
11. Mindef -> UAT document\
12. Motul -> email regarding increments in the invoice\
13. TNL -> TNL testing link\
\
Rabu, 2 July 2025\
1. DZH -> server down\
2. TNL -> following up the tnl testing link to devops\
3. Oishi -> format number improvements in the SOA and printout SOA\
4. TCC -> Change of study mode rejection scenario (cannot reject) because the CN (fix the flow)\
5. Motul -> SSL renewal\
6. TNL -> TNL testing link 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
7. TNL -> adding analytic groups 712020150 for MISC/25/06/30/649\
7. Mindef -> transfer in UAT but when I log in to branch head to do the approval, it does not show\
8. Mindef -> You mentioned the new release will be able to stop user from create empty serial number asset. Even if so, we can edit the asset serial number 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
9. TKH -> rounding logic (only take 3 decimal number) (helping intern Nathan)\
10. TKH -> missing address (missing customer (mass edit the customer)) (helping David)\
11. TKH -> DO not avail (reserved for another transfer) (helping Intern Agus)\
12. CleverAds -> Change the date in the printout (helping pak Adrian)\
13. Oishi -> Archive CS0351\
14. Oishi -> cancelling the CN\
15. Oishi -> reconciled the payment to the invoice (INV-2025/04-1985)\
16. TCC -> OLMS testing\
17. TCC -> ministry of involvement logic (take the date from the first row of latest date)\
18. TCC -> 80 and 100 word limit in the grad request (waiting their confirm) 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
19. TCC -> can we change the word "Graduation Request" on the side menu to "Graduation Application 
\f2 \'b1\'cf\'d2\'b5\'c9\'ea\'c7\'eb
\f0 "? 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
20. UMW -> Winning rate Dashboard\
\
Kamis, 3 July 2025\
1. Aluputer -> /shop endpoint caused public user create an SQ\
2. TKH -> RFQ gst rounding (helping intern Agus)\
3. Aluputer -> Lagging 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
4. Petersime -> cannot save the receiving note 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
5. Mindef -> Brach head access\
6. Mindef -> report generate for IH without access to Receive PO\
7. TNL -> testing link 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
8. Oishi -> Perfect Spark payment term change from 60 - 30\
9. Oishi -> due date not update after change the term\
10. Oishi -> Lag and Down\
11. Oishi -> seperate cash on hand and petty cash
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
12. Oishi -> this account can be offsetted invoice? 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
13. Oishi -> SOA should not show the partially paid records\
14. TCC -> hi, there is an error log for "Done" status for SOTC student SHU HONG 04493. She is not added to Intake and not pushed to OLMS but her acad tracking is updated with the 2025T3 course. The course (TCSBN710_2025T3) is available in OLMS. 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
15. Pixel Mafia -> Sequence 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
16. TNL -> CR 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
17. UMW -> Dashboard to show quotation and sale count\
\
Jumat, 4 July 2025\
1. Aluputer -> /shop endpoint caused public user create an SQ\
2. TKH -> RFQ gst rounding (helping intern Agus)\
3. FASS -> show parent location and location in stock card\
4. DZH -> Down\
5. DZH -> cannot print the report (missing wkhtmltopdf)\
6. Pixel -> sequence number\
7. CE -> cancel SO240025 and SO24007\
8. TNL -> Testing link\
9. Oishi -> Helping arfal to change pricelist\
10. TCC -> duplicate data in graduation request\
11. TCC -> checking error log for "Done" status for SOTC student SHU HONG 04493\
12. TNL -> return PO goods demo\
13. TNL -> Testing server\
14. TNL -> access report\
\
Senin, 7 July 2025\
1. CE -> cancel 24017\
2. Pixel -> Helping Agus (intern) about testing server\
3. TKH -> Export Customer and Vendor (creating a template)\
4. TKH -> Cancel the Payment SUPP.OUT/2023/6842 (DBS/25/07/07/125)\
5. TKH -> Demo video to export customer and vendor\
6. TNL -> CR setup some accounts in customer level\
7. Oishi -> download wrong SOA\
8. Oishi -> Lagging when download SOA\
9. Oishi -> duplicate customer (merge the transaction as well)\
10. TCC -> cannot create a Graduation Request\
11. TCC -> Fix the Period From and To option in student profile (should show the month and year)\
12. TCC -> Missing program and wrong Ministry Involvement when creating graduation request\
13. Bibus -> cannot validate CONSI/IN/00147 (because one of the product auto generating the lot number (disabled already))\
14. Bibus -> Expired CSRF token\
15. Bibus -> select 2 different location in OGF\
16. Bibus -> cannot select the KG uom\
17. Bibus -> Change the account details\
18. Bibus -> cannot validate the IGF WP/IN/00300 (lot exists already)\
19. Bibus -> Tax removal and LSP and LSPC (last sales purchase and Customer spesific) questions\
20. TIFS -> assets are prior years depreciation, do I need to create the Financial Year? Yes\
21. TIFS -> Inventory import (the scheduler is stuck)\
22. TIFS -> branch manager access\
23. TCC -> OLMS second check update to Jasmine\
24. Hilti -> send the export file\
25. TNL -> review access report (add Lana to the same group as Linlin)\
26. UMW -> missing some user and requesting some additional (some people not in the dashboard due to filter and we cannot handle)\
27. Mindef -> adding 2 additional bid quotes (PI250128) but it was not reflected in EV250142_v3\
28. TNL -> cannot change the product code (because of the product category)\
\
Selasa, 8 July 2025\
1. TWP -> server down\
2. Aluputer -> missing approver\
3. TCC -> Fix the Period From and To option in student profile (should show the month and year) 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
4. Oishi -> amount and amount due not tally 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
5. Oishi -> cannot export the GL 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
6. Mindef -> weekly meeting with Siying\
7. Hueza -> cannot select the product in stock count\
8. UMW -> Add delivery time option 11-12 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
9. UMW -> add percentage for how many Quotation convert to Order monthly  as per sales person 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
10. Guide new employee (Chris) introducing the tools and project\
11. Amrtur -> server down\
12. Pixel Mafia -> incorrect sequence\
13. TCC -> cannot receive OTP\
14. TIFS -> cannot validate stock_count\
15. Pixel Mafia -> zero rated issie (helping intern)\
\
Rabu, 9 July 2025\
1. Project Handover to the new employee\
2. Oishi -> change victoria\'92s password (requested by Vivian)\
3. TKH -> incorrect tax amount in RFQ (help intern Agus)\
4. Petersime -> change ops3-5 name\
5. Hueza -> lot menu for Catherine (Yael helps)\
6. Amrtur -> duplicated PO2025/2196 & PO2025/2198 (PO2025/2196 has been cancelled)\
7. Amrtur -> duplicate access from Ezzatul to Arsyad & Azimmah 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
8. Pixel Mafia -> cannot create COA from the list (create from the form as workaround)\
9. Pixel Mafia -> fix cannot create COA (grant list view manager right (dynamic list))\
10. Pixel Mafia -> missing branch (grant access multi branch group)\
11. Pixel Mafia -> turn on the email notif\
12. Mindef -> CR fixing\
13. TCC -> failed log case (need more explaination)\
14. CE -> cannot we input 2 emails in the customer details\
15. TIFS -> delete blank lines\
16. Petersime -> cannot validate the Picking Note (reserved for another transfer)\
17. Hilti -> put announcement\
\
Kamis, 10 July 2025\
1. Hilti -> readonly for all user\
2. CE -> can we input 2 emails in the customer details\
3. UMW -> grant access\
4. UMW -> Add delivery time option 11-12\
5. Pixel Mafia -> missing an update in the live server\
6. Amrtur -> update the access of users Arsyad and Azimmah (duplicate Ezzatul access)\
7. TNL -> CN printout\
8. Aluputer -> SQ/25/07/09/7525 unable to conform order\
9. TNL -> PO and PR approval matrix\
10. TNL -> send the current template for PO and PR approval matrix\
11. Pixel Mafia -> Bill approval matrix config (helping Agus)\
12. Lum Chang -> list of DO from selected material\
13. Hueza -> cannot select the product in stock move (to fix, add dynamic list and advance search access)\
14. UMW -> access when editing rental quotation\
\
 Jumat, 11 July 2025\
1. Lum Chang -> duplicated product move (ITR seems deleted)\
2. Mindef -> disscuss with Arfal regarding the UAT comment\
3. Mindef -> addtional bid quote after cancel\
4. Mindef -> sending comment answer\
5. Cleverads -> chage the customer when the invoice still draft but not reflected to the\
6. Hueza -> missing stock count approval matrix (retrigger the approval matrix)\
7. Oishi -> new pricelist not reflected to in the order (because of the wrong uom)\
8. TCC -> auto logout even when using the system\
9. TCC -> rejected student but created an active acad tracking\
10. TIFS -> partner aging not show all the customer (limit 50 cust only)\
11. Cleverads -> missing decimal in the journal partner\
12.\
\
Senin, 14 July 2025\
1. TIFS -> testing server Down\
2. UMW -> export Sales Quotations, Rental Quotation, Sales Order, Rental agreement Period : 1 Jan 25 to 30 Jun 25\
3. \
\
Selasa, 15 July 2025\
1. \
\
Rabu, 16 July 2025\
1. \
\
Kamis, 17 July 2025\
1. TIFS -> testing server down (restarted already)\
2. Oishi -> Invoice printout\
3. TNL -> PO & PR approval matrix\
4. TNL -> paid invoice appear in the partner aging (need to reconcile the AR journal)\
5. Oishi -> Helen access to print\
6. TCC -> add missing student in Intake\
7. TCC -> graduation request logic improvement for ministry involvement\
8. Macro -> reset sequence INV and CN\
9. Macro -> server down\
10. TNL -> Bill export march 2024 - April 2025\
11. Oishi -> missing SQ (fix using \'93Invoice Set Sale and Delivery References\'94 action)\
12. Hueza -> missing approval matrix (again, the same stock count)\
13. Oishi -> cannot confirm invoice\
14. TWP -> new outlet creation\
15. TWP -> mail server blocked\
16. Macro -> missing invoice (imported by Khoza)\
17. TKH -> missing Attachment\
18. TKH -> incorrect tax\
19. TNL -> block or lock PO\
20. Mindef -> fix bid quote issue\
21. Mindef -> fix the cancellation of PR (created PI, PE and AOP) but the budget uncommitted issue\
21. Mindef -> finance team can see All PO\
22. Lumchang -> correct the missing MR and ITR (do a stock count)\
\
Jumat, 18 July 2025\
1. TCC -> push ministry imvolvement improvement\
2. Macro -> check new improvement\
3. Lumchang -> cannot push lumchang\
4. Oishi ->  Not tally in the SOA and Ageing report (checking with David)\
5. HWH -> project handover by Princess\
6. Bechoo -> missing Pallet 14-18 (SO13595) 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
7. TWP -> email config\
8. Mindef -> 3 issue in the email (finance view, cannot submit the AOR, Purchase status for Non-BO)\
9. Macro -> Fix incorrect sequence\
10. Macro -> Fix approve action function\
11. TKH -> RFQ incorrect amount\
12. TCC -> Navigation tail\
13. Amrtur -> Create a new user (duplicate CITD user (helping Viro))\
14. TKH -> Check another payment for TKH/INV/24003827\
15. TKH -> Check Trail Balance\
16. Oishi -> incorrect amount due (checking with David)\
17. Macro -> Untaxed amount can be edited (need to confirm with pak Adrian) 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
\
Senin, 21 July 2025\
1. Bechoo -> missing Pallet detail no 14-18 (SO13595) 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
2. TKH -> Check Trail balance\
3. Oishi -> Check invoice 07-4629\
4. Aluputer -> push /shop improvement and delete public RFQ\
5. TCC -> add name in the Application email\
6. CE -> cannot confirm the order 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
7. Hueza -> server lag\
8. Macro -> editable amount\
9. TNL -> cannot print Invoice\
10. Mindef -> update 3 outstanding issue \
\
Selasa, 22 July 2025\
1. TNL -> Push print Invoice and CN issue\
2. TNL -> Update the Approval Matrix progress\
3. TNL -> reconciled Invoice but still appear in the Partner Ageing\
4. TCC -> Export Course Registration but the name is missing\
5. Beecho -> missing Pallet detail no 14-18 (SO13595) meeting with mas Yuniar\
6. Oishi -> Merge customer transaction
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
7. Oishi -> server down\
8. Mindef -> Weekly meeting\
9. UMW -> SMTP error\
10. Mindef -> remove purchase status for Non BO PR\
11. TNL -> Printout for adhoc invoice (missing customer details)\
\
Rabu, 23 July 2025\
1. Oishi -> Down\
2. TNL -> Printout for adhoc invoice (missing customer details) pushed to the live\
3. UMW -> add new delivery time\
4. Beechoo -> missing Pallet detail (pushed to the live server)\
5. Server -> backup TKH and Oishi live (asking Agus to handle)\
6. Bibus -> Missing location (Incoming goods) 
\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u57313 
\f0 \
7. TKH -> trail balance difference update\
8. TNL -> reconciled Invoice but still appear in the Partner Ageing (pushed to the live)\
9. Mindef -> missing PR Cancel approval matrix (the max amount is exceeded)\
10. Oishi -> fix incorrect amount due CN\
11. Oishi -> fix unbalance CN\
12. Oishi -> incorrect tax amount (different 0,01)\
\
Kamis, 24 July 2025\
Sick Leave\
1. TKH - download missing attachment\
\
Jumat, 25 July 2025\
1. Amrtur -> server down\
2. Macro -> cannot save the order line\
3. TKH -> balance sheet not tally with the TB\
4. Oishi -> multi currencies\
5. CE -> cannot confirm SO (try to backup db)\
6. TKH -> server down\
7. Oishi -> create RMB pricelist\
8. Renal Clinic -> Project handover by Albert\
9. Macro -> chnage MKB Bank Account Details\
\
Senin, 28 July 2025\
1. Oishi -> missing customer name (they using delivery address as customer)\
2. Macro -> change back details\
3. Beecho -> push to the live server\
4. Oishi -> export GL\
5. UMW -> export remark\
6. Oishi -> 07-4300 cannot confirm (delete the correction entry)\
7. Motul -> create an SSL renewal guide\
8. Oishi -> change payment term\
9. Oishi -> SOA not updated after payment term was changed (the change impacts for new data only)\
10. Oishi -> Lagging\
11. Mindef -> Business Rule AOR (discuss with Chris)\
\
Selasa, 29 July 2025\
1. Amrtur -> send invitations email\
2. Oishi -> wrong downloaded SOA\
3. Create an auto wa when server down\
4. TKH -> missing receive button\
5. TKH -> cannot validate DO\
Half day\
\
Rabu, 30 July 2025\
1. TKH -> missing receive button\
2. TCC -> Porting grade\
3. TCC -> locked student due to multiple wrong password\
4. Aluputer -> cannot confirm the SQ (because the different UOM between product and BOM)\
5. TWP -> cannot confirm the SO (discuss with mas Bintang)\
6. Aluputer -> Customer Tax vs Part Tax\
7. Mindef -> weekly meeting\
8. TNL -> cancel button in RFQ & PO\
9. Mindef -> Expired BO still can be selected in the PR\
\
Kamis, 31 July 2025\
1. TNL -> cancel button in RFQ & PO (due to access)\
2. TCC -> in Education and Employment is "No" answer is the default?\
3. Aluputer -> create a purchase export (helping viro)\
4. TKH -> missing PO24114309\
5. Pixel -> USD rates (helping Agus)\
6. Oishi -> change payment term for Smile desert and Kcook to 30 day (helping Nathan)\
7. Bibus -> foreign currency conversion (help Chris)\
8. TNL-> fix return PO should appear in the RN\
\
Jumat, 1 Agustus 2025\
1. TCC -> incident report\
2. Aluputer -> Export report\
3. Oishi -> duplicate SQ number\
4. Mindef -> Approved checkbox\
5. Pixel -> checking rates (helping Agus)\
6. Pixel -> checking Bank and Cash account (Helping Agus)\
\
Senin, 4 Agustus 2025\
1. Aluputer -> Requested location creation\
2. Oishi -> implement new changes in the Invoice\
3. Oishi -> cannot print CN (because the new changes)\
4. Mindef -> Expoired BO in PR\
5. TCC -> no receive OTP\
6. TCC -> Porting Grade check\
7. Petersime -> location in Stock Per Warehouse (grant dynamic list access)\
8. Oishi -> cannot print CN (server load)\
9. TNL -> asset not reflect the analytic group (in the journal)\
\
Selasa, 5 Agustus 2025\
1. TNL -> asset not reflect the analytic group in the journal (empty analytic group)\
2. Pixel -> helping Agus to solve foreign currency issue and bank account\
3. TCC -> Course regist error\
4. Oishi -> cannot confirm invoice\
5. Oishi -> incorrect company name in SOA\
6. Oishi -> server down\
7. TNL -> archive user (asking Viro)\
8. Aluputer -> log and attachment feature in the process menu\
9. TCC -> change Candidature End Date from Actual Term Date Range to Expected Term Date Range\
10. Weekly meeting with Pak Setiawan\
11. Oishi -> change payment term (askin Nathan)\
12. TCC -> Porting Grade check\
\
Rabu, 6 Agustus 2025\
1. TCC -> Porting Grade check\
2. Oishi -> cannot reconfirm Invoice\
3. TCC -> filter error\
4. TCC -> failed create a new student in OLMS (the data is import)\
5. TCC -> change Candidature End Date\
6. Pixel -> rates update (helping Agus)\
7. TWP -> server down\
\
Kamis, 7 Agustus 2025\
1. TWP -> server full and down\
2. TCC ->  Porting Grade check (create a new test case)\
3. Oishi -> cannot reconfirm Invoice\
4. Pixel -> Bank statement\
5. Pixel -> Inverse rate (discussing with Agus)\
6. Oishi -> cannnot confirm the invoice (discussing with dev team)\
7. TCC -> not receive OTP (try another email domain)\
\
Jumat, 8 Agustus 2025\
1. Oishi -> add phone number\
2. Oishi -> wrong SOA customer\
3. \
\
Senin, 11 Agustus 2025\
PH\
\
Selasa, 12 Agustus 2025\
Leave\
\
Rabu, 13 Agustus 2025\
1. Pixel -> Account payable check with Agus\
2. TCC -> wrong acad tracking student\
3. CF -> helping Nathan to solve the issue\
4. UMW -> confirmed rental not converted to RA number\
5. Mindef -> helping Chris to answer the question about exporting asset\'92s product\
6. Pixel -> check bank statement with Agus\
7. TWP -> lagging\
8. Oishi -> grant work center access to costing oishi\
9. \
\
Kamis, 14 Agustus 2025 \
1. Oishi -> unbalance invoice 5472\
2. \
\
Jumat, 15 Agustus 2025\
Leave\
\
Senin, 18 Agustus 2025\
1. Oishi -> unarchive kenny account\
2. EON -> improvement meeting with client\
3. Oishi -> cannot confirm the invoice\
4. Pixel -> bill suddenly paid after confirm (user change the account manually)\
5. TWP -> lagging issue\
\
Selasa, 19 Agustus 2025\
1. TWP -> lagging issue (meeting with the user)\
2. VDB -> how to cancel property transaction\
3. Oishi -> multiple UOM for 1 product\
4. TNL -> how to net-off invoice to credit note\
5. TNL -> testing env\
6. Petersime -> lost item (create stock count)\
7. Support weekly meeting\
8. Oishi -> cannot open 5472\
9. Oishi -> error when create an invoice (SO/25/08/19/6445)\
10. VDB -> cancel property transaction guidance\
\
Rabu, 20 Agustus 2025\
1. Petersime -> add description in stock count report (count sheet) and implement to live (report_inventory)\
2. Oishi -> error when create an invoice (SO/25/08/19/6445)\
3. Oishi -> unbalance entry (INV-2025/08-5472) (fixnya : cari selisih debit vs credit lalu tambah ke trade debtor sekarang. setelah invoice bisa dibuka baru fix amountnya)\
4. TWP -> lagging issue\
5. VDB -> cancel property transaction flow\
6. Petersime -> cannot transfer some product\
7. Oishi -> allow access to kenny for invoice edit and allow export excel for quotations and orders\
\
Kamis, 21 Agustus 2025\
1. TCC -> Open OLMS date scheduler 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
2. TWP -> lagging issue\
3. VDB -> cancel property transaction flow (backup latest live db)\
4. VDB -> Joanne access in construction module\
5. VDB -> accounting dashboard (add list for "Vendor Bills for Approval")\
6. Petersime -> check Transformer for the transfer \
7. VDB -> confirm button in receipt/payment menu (hide the button)\
8. UMW -> rental number not convert to RA 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
9. TCC -> there are 25 students with "Done" status (after 1 dropped) for CEST702_2025T3 HUMAN DEVELOPMENT in Course Registration but Intake has 24 students. missing Lee Hai Chuen (Li Haiquan) 04189. can you please help? \
10. Amrtur -> Server down\
11. Lum Chang -> edit description when the request is done\
\
Jumat, 22 Agustus 2025\
1. Oishi -> Grant kenny access for editing and export invoice\
2. Bibus -> create a new location \'93BMMY Cons Stock\'94\
3. Oishi -> cannot download GL \
4. Oishi -> 5472 unbalance invoice\
5. Oishi -> missing full refund in CN\
6. TIFS -> added partner manually\
7. Bibus -> cannot transfer (seems bacause of the empty done qty in lot)\
8. UMW -> cannot approve the RQ\
9. Oishi -> remove correction entry for 5818\
10. Bibus -> cannot approve RFQ 726 (she is not approver)\
11. Oishi -> Missing applied on when import the pricelist\
12. TCC -> missing student in the intake after the course registration is done (Lee Hai Chuen and Chi-I Irvin)\
\
Senin, 25 Agustus 2025\
1. Lumchang -> edit confirmed transfer (cancel the transfer)\
2. TWP -> lagging issue (implementation)\
3. FASS -> Add info in label 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
4. TCC ->  added the course to the student's academic tracking (Lee Hai Chuen (Li Haiquan)'s case)\
5. TCC -> wrong program selected in the course regist (Cheung Chi-I Irvin\'92s case)\
6. TCC ->  added the student to the intake and added course to the student's academic tracking (Sim Bing Xiang\'92s case)\
7. TCC -> Sheena withdraw the student but the OLMS error logs always comes up. they do not need to have OLMS account 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
8. Oishi -> cancel SQ6926 (cannot cancel because the UOM is different between product and bom) 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
9. Oishi -> new export template\
10. Oishi -> cannot select the product to for CN creation (use \'93Add Credit Note\'94 button)\
\
Selesa, 26 Agustus 2025\
1. TWP -> Invoice number in PO\
2. DZH -> server down (expired SSL)\
3. TCC -> server down and unstable (down because full of storage, unstable because of the service unavail)\
4. Oishi -> Will the MP show the inital forcast and up to date executed qty? 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
5. Oishi -> Export the list of material need as show on the picture (MP) 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
6. Oishi -> add material in Stock count but appear minus in the inventory 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
7. Oishi -> unbalance invoice INV-2025/08-5846 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
8. Oishi -> server down\
9. Oishi -> how to export BOM\
10. TNL -> CR \
11. TIFS -> Check unbalance GL (helping David to trace) unbalance date : 01/08/2025 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
\
Rabu, 27 Agustus 2025\
1. Oishi -> Access export and delete in action for Costing@oishi.com.sg \
2. Oishi -> cannot confirm INV-2025/08-5952\
3. CF -> helping Nathan about the CR\
4. TCC -> No program appear in graduation request\
5. Oishi -> how to see qty and stock movement in the system (on hand and Product Moves)\
6. Oishi -> server down\
7. Rudy -> meeting with client (check internal group for the task list)\
\
Kamis, 28 Agustus 2025\
1.\
\
Jumat, 28 Agustus 2025\
On leave\
\
Senin, 1 September 2025\
1. Lumchang -> Qty changing in transfer 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
2. TWP -> false invoice number (retrigger the func)\
3. Rudy -> issue update and discuss 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
4. Rudy -> clarifying the COA tobe removed\
4. CF -> new input from the client\
5. UMW -> change wrong Rental Agreement number\
6. TCC -> suspend bypass logic\
7. Amrtur -> Max approval matrix\
8. TNL -> Cannot confirm CN (unbalance issue)\
9. TNL -> CN with different customer\
10. TNL -> PO PR approval matrix\
11. Hueza -> asking about stock count\
12. VDB -> Update access of Jade, not able to see created Projects in Construction module \
13. VDB -> Creation of new User Access for Glen\
14. VDB -> Payment Dashboard - Bill To Approve showing same as Receipts to Approve \
15. VDB -> Memo of payment is not showing what user updated \
\
Selasa, 2 September 2025\
1. Amrtur -> check approval matrix department\
2. SNP -> handover by Pak Adrian\
3. Amrtur -> cancel RFQ1462\
4. Amrtur -> create a new user (Ekma)\
5. Rudy -> create a new user (Mary Ann)\
6. HWH -> reset transactions and customer-vendor master data\
7. Bibus -> Lot in OGF printout (D)\
8. Bibus -> Product and team not company compatible\
9. Bibus -> Tax not appear in RFQ\
10. Bibus -> cannot confirm BMKRQ2025-0007 (D)\
11. Bibus -> cannot select lot WP/OUT/00600 (expired) (D)\
12. Bibus -> decimal return qty (D)\
13. UMW -> web not load properly\
14. UMW -> RA02142 print of page 3 is extra and empty 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
15. Oishi -> cannot confirm invoice INV6137\
16. Oishi -> purchaser cannot download RFQ/PO\
17. Oishi -> Journey of the item \
18. Oishi -> the unreserved (double reserved) \
19. TIFS -> create a new user (Aella)\
20. TIFS -> disable the creation of COA while in bill creation, and PCF (Creation of product, COA, supplier must be done in respective menu) (D)\
21. TIFS -> create a new user (Aella) in the testing as well\
22. Rudy -> grant set to draft access\
23. Rudy -> show a column for the Vendor in the Bills\
24. Rudy -> hide the Activity, Branch and Company\
\
Rabu, 3 September 2025\
1. TCC -> bypass function questions\
2. Petersime -> a difference between stock per warehouse and inventory report \
3. Oishi -> cannot confirm invoice\
4. Oishi -> how to reset inventory (stock count)\
5. Oishi -> product name change\
6. Oishi -> UOM explanations\
7. Oishi -> change an UOM for existing product\
8. Bibus -> BM2025-0077 need to change product code (material code) (D) (but they are still not provide the correct material code)\
9.Bibus -> no Heat and Lot number in the invoice (D)\
10. TNL -> add bank account \
11. TNL -> PR approver matrix \
12. TNL -> add \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
712080904 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 analytic group for \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
MISC/25/08/21/732 entry\
13. VDB -> Add \'93Vendor Bill for Approval\'94 in the dashboard\
14. VDB -> invalid invitation token\
\
Kamis, 4 September 2025\
1. Amrur -> bad gateway\
2. \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Petersime -> a difference between stock per warehouse and inventory report\
3. TNL -> CR discussion with mas Eky\
4. SNP-> project handover\
5. Bibus -> Bad gateway\
6. Bibus -> Second uom price\
7. Bibus -> INV2025-0147 change to INV2025-0123 (D)\
8. Bibus -> no bank detail in the printout (D)\
9. Bibus -> unbalance invoice\
10. Bibus -> BMKR still cannot approve the OA (BMKRQ2025-0008 once confirm need to be BMKR2025-011\
BMKRQ2025-0007 once confirm need to be BMKR2025-010) \
11. TIFS -> different calculation in Bill (need to discuss with Dylan and Pak Setiawan) (D)\
12. TIFS -> Validate receiving note but no journal created (D)\
13. TNL -> auto reverse scheduler (change it to 7:30)\
14. TNL -> meeting proposal\
15. Rudy -> 1) rounded off re: computation of Withholding Tax. \
2) Enlarge the Font that is proportioned to an A4 Bond Paper. 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
16. Rudy -> Re: Form 2307, the period covered should be based on the monty when it incurred and NOT on the date when the AP Voucher was created. 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
17. Rudy -> For your kind editing. \
1) When printing, as if the page is 50% only\
2) Where did you get my E-Signature? Kindly delete. I will have this signed originally.\
3) Please insert below my name my TIN that is 171-266-872.\
4) Period covered should be based on the EXPENSE period and not when the payment is created.
\f1 \uc0\u10060 \
\

\f0 Jumat, 5 September 2025\
1. Aluputer - Cancel and reset draft po/25/08/27/1971/r2 (becuase of the notes)\
2. Aluputer - UOM solutions\
3. DZH -> missing data in pipeline trading report\
4. TCC -> bypass function questions\
5. TCC -> auto logout (caused by cache)\
6. Oishi -> EUR PO currency\
7. Oishi -> latest user manual\
8. Oishi -> reserved qty issue (edit them manually)\
9. Oshi -> UOM guidance\
10. Oishi -> CN for INV 6161\
11. Oishi -> change the UOM to \'93Way\'94 for delivery fee (change to service as well)\
12. TNL -> CR discussion\
13. Rudy -> Addition issue or questions (check the group chat)\
14. TNL -> PO and PR approval matrix, also prepared the\
15. TNL -> Add bank detail for \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
VE0267\
16. VDB -> grant create and edit for Joanna\
\
\
Senin, 8 September 2025\
1. TCC -> Multiple email generated 
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
2. Mindef -> Update for the outstanding issues (How do we use mass upload via template? etc) 
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
3. TNL -> meeting with Sun Ping, Boon, Jone Zhou, Li Yan\
4. TNL -> CR update (Jone will try the changes)\
5. TNL -> Approval matrix update (Boon will try the latest approval matrix)\
6. SNP -> Multiple Payment for the same Bill \
7. Rudy -> Push to live server\
8. Amrtur -> automatic approver e-sign \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
9. RCCS -> turn off the server\
10. Oishi -> Cannot change CN qty (need to full fill the analytic group in the line)\
11. Oishi -> server lagging\
12. TIFS -> cannot change the product type in the product categories creation\
13. Pixel -> Opening Balance import 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
14. VDB -> Jade access edit and create project. \
15. VDB -> Alder reset password error\
16. VDB -> show Journal Items tab in unposted Payment (CR)\
\
Selasa, 9 September 2025\
1. TWP -> Stock Take print out (missing line and remove the header) 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
2. SNP -> meeting with client and pak Adrian 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
3. TCC -> Cloudflare block\
4. Oishi -> server lagging\
5. Oishi -> Check who change the UOM\
6. TNL -> CR update\
7. TNL -> Auto reverse not automatically run 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
8. TNL -> other way to net-off the invoice with credit note, instead of using \'93Add\'94 button\
9. VDB -> cannot reset number (put email in company)\
10. VDB -> delete BILL/25/08/05/001 and reset sequence 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
\
Rabu, 10 September 2025\
1. VDB -> where will I create a payment that has no billing? 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
2. VDB -> if I created a Recurring Journal Entries can the amounts and journal entries be edited before confirming? Or is this posted automatically on the scheduled date? 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
3. VDB -> Is the Internal Notes here the memo that will appear on the list of posted transactions? (Same questions in Recurring Invoices. Thanks) 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
4. VDB -> Is there category of payees for other names aside from Customer or Vendor? 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
5. TCC -> multiple email 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
6. TCC -> email invitation 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
7. Motul -> Live Password\
8. Oishi -> server lag\
9. Oishi -> UOM change\
10. Oishi -> incorrect amount\
11. Oishi -> Remove UOM (item no.2) (7494)
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
12. Oishi -> Hi support team we are seeing delivery charge under qty as 1 tub instead if just 1- pls ammend this configuration as delivery is a 1 time charge \
13. Oishi -> check UOM config (Packet 1000g) 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
14. Oishi -> Not available stock (fully reserved but no waiting transfer) 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
15. Oishi -> Hi support team pls send stops in accessing system user list with all their access rights. I need to know if support team will help to make changes to user access or we will do it intern6? 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
16. Rudy -> checking outstading issue\
17. Rudy -> cannot print BIR \
18. SNP -> PV-0028 Register (Harus coba re register paymentnya, nomornya jangan berubah) \
19. SNP -> Foreign Currency Exchange (di Invoice angkanya berubah seharusnya tetap pada Invoice currency saat save tidak ke book currency) \
20. SNP -> Bank charge ga masuk \
21. SNP -> change sequence 34 jadi 33
\f1 \
\

\f0 Kamis, 11 September 2025\
1. TNL -> discussion about server time\
2. VDB -> move db from UAT link to 001\
3. Oishi -> unable to confirm the Invoice\
4. Oishi -> check UOM config (Packet 1000g) (receive in packet, store in packet, production (MRP) in grams) 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
5. Oishi -> Delivery setup\
6. Oishi -> server lagging\
7. Oishi -> Can i verify, \
The qty are correct at 46 box . \
I just like to know , why are we seeing the shadow of the same information. \
Now we have a good example to look at the system qty integrity . \
We have an order are cancelled after the DO . \
I will like to see the movement of the item LV001A , how can access to that platform 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
8. Terrenus - cannot import lot\
9. Motul -> \'93Assigned To\'94 field in agreement view list\
10. TWP -> outlet creations\
\
Jumat, 12 September 2025\
1. TNL -> Auto reversal fixing\
2. TNL -> cannot net-off the invoice\
3. TNL -> CR update\
4. SNP -> outstanding issue update\
5. TCC -> duplicate email update\
6. TCC -> faculty creations issue\
7. Oishi -> reservation issue\
\
Senin, 15 September 2025\
1. TCC -> UAT Test Link 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
2. Motul -> Show \'93Assigned To\'94 field in agreement view list\
3. SNP -> change date PV 28 to Jan. 14, 2025 \
4. SNP -> AR 3- I noticed that in Voucher there\'92s still $ sign \
5. SNP -> can't generate 2307 \
6. TCC -> duplicate email fix\
7. TCC -> Waive boolean in the invoice\
8. Oishi -> reservation issue implentations\
9. Oishi -> user manual follow up\
10. Oishi -> change billing address\
11. Oishi -> Unpaid but the receipt still appear\
12. Oishi -> change invoice 6074  date from Sept to 3rd Oct 2025\
13. Oishi -> duplicate line in the delivery slip (due to different lot)\
14. Oishi -> Answer 6 questions from Jewel \
15. Rudy -> Change password for Lucky account \
\
Selasa, 16 September 2025\
1. TCC -> server down (need to send incident report) \
2. CE -> follow up SO24044 (cannot confirm) 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
3. Lumchang -> duplicate qty in the second document of ITR \
4. TWP -> remove header of stock take print out\
5. TNL -> CR update 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
6. SNP -> asset category so we can record the company assets and the monthly depreciation. There are fields that are not applicable to us but mandatory to fill in. Examples are Revaluation Asset Surplus, Revaluation asset loss. Can the issue be addressed? \
7. Oishi -> Unpaid but the receipt still appear\
8. Oishi -> incorrect draft invoice, and CN creation\
9. Rudy -> create service tax 5% and 10%\
10. VDB -> outstanding issue \
\
Rabu, 17 September 2025\
1. CE -> cannot confirm SO24044\
2. TCC -> preparing new testing db\
3. Oishi -> UOM correction \
4. Oishi -> incorrect amount between SO and Invoice\
5. Oishi -> partial delivery but full qty in invoice 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
6. Oishi -> pricelist \
7. Petersime -> missing internal location product \
8. VDB -> answering 6 questions\
9. TNL -> reverse CN\
10. Rudy -> Add column
\f1 \

\f0 \
\
Kamis, 18 September 2025\
1. VDB -> outstanding issue update (some issue not solved) 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
2. TNL -> Cannot net off invoice \
3. Petersime -> checking internal location product issue with dev team\
4. TCC -> testing server preparation \
5. Oishi -> price is wrong after save 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
6. Oishi -> cannot validate stock count (no lot)\
7. Rudy -> change ZIP, add infomation\
8. TNL -> prepare new testing db\
9. SSD -> cannot save customer because of TIN is required 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
\
Jumat, 19 September 2025\
1. TCC -> Statistic report \
2. TNL -> reverse CN\
3. TCC -> incident report 26 aug and 16 sept\
4. Oishi -> cannot validate return (need lot)\
5. Oishi -> cannot validate stock count (no lot) (after checking the stock count has been completed)\
6. Oishi -> statement due date not changing after they change the term (bacause it is an old data)\
7. TCC -> change the address in admission but not reflected in the Invoice (change it from profile)\
\
Senin, 22 September 2025\
Leave\
\
Selasa, 23 September 2025\
1. TCC -> missing ID number (imported student)\
2. Amrtur -> server down\
3. TCC -> server down discussion with Pak setiawan\
4. TNL -> cannot reverse CN with Debit note (the tax account are not same)\
5. TCC -> testing link preparation \
6. Petersime -> current qty is 0 (wrong location)\
7. Petersime -> interlocation still in \'91available\'92 status (the transfer is not done yet)\
8. \
\
Rabu, 24 September 2025\
1. Rudy -> payment receipt improvement\
2. SNP -> Dollar Invoice but the journal entries printout still in dollar as well\
3. Petersime -> missing location in adhoc transfer menu\
4. TWP -> copy vendor pricelist 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
5. TCC -> missing ID number (imported student)\
6. Oishi -> wrong credit note customer\
7. TCC -> TCA statistic update\
8. TCC -> Testing link\
9. Hueza -. cannot confirm the Production\
10. VDB -> update about access right, peyment\
11. VDB -> bank incentive 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
\
Kamis, 25 September 2025\
1. TCC -> textbook and synopsis for student view 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
2. TCC -> error when course regist (bacause of the empty course type)\
3. Oishi -> SOA date improvement 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
4. Oishi -> cannot confirm CN (due to correction entry)\
5. Oishi -> access update for Warehouse, Sales, etc\
6. Oishi -> SOA improvement\
my request for the SOA is\
If customer need Jul SOA --> when I filter the date 1-31 Jul --> the result is SOA dated (31 Jul 2025)\
\
\
If I need to send monthly SOA for this month --> when I filter the date 1-30 Sept --> the result is SOA dated (30 Sep 2025), even generate the report early of Oct\
\
If customer just SOA  --> I just print for which customer requested --> the result is SOA dated (today) 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
7. Oishi -> report to see the history of orders plus their individual pricelist (using \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Sales Pivot Analysis\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 )\
8. Oishi -> report to see product and unit price (use Customer Sales Analysis)\
9. Oishi -> customer pricelist and SKU export\
\
Jumat, 26 September 2025\
1. Petersime -> \
need to fine tune: \
- source location remapping karena location itu udah final destination of the product located\
- on each product line: we can have auto select per specific location, if its 1 location then selected 1, if its on 3 location then show 3 location show up for them to select (tp kyknya bakal di ubah semua location per product akan cuma 1 specific location) \
- bulk import picking notes, if its already has function?, need to testing 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
2. Oishi ->  pro-forma invoice for meggie\
3. Oishi -> access update for invoice menu\
4. VDB -> auto logout every 3 minutes 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
5. VBD -> cannot select project in contract invoice 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
6. Rudy -> disable analytic group other than lucky\
7. Rudy -> cannot post miscellaneous 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
\
Senin, 29 September 2025\
1. Lumchang -> how to cancel wrong 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
2. TCC -> TCA statistic further check\
3. Rudy -> execute archive COA\
4. Oishi -> change SO/SQ/invoice from SOFRESH delivery addres to SOFRESH pte ltd 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
5. Oishi -> correct invoice amount\
6. VDB -> Contract access\
7. Rudy -> COA visibilty\
8. Petersime -> picking note auto show the avail loc\
9. TNL -> server down (due to pending payment)\
10. TNL -> the the state of RINV/23/11/27/006 to \'91Reserved\'92 manually\
\
Selasa, 30 September 2025\
1. Petersime -> picking note auto show the avail loc implementation\
2. CBPP -> missing barcode field in product 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
3. Petersime -> edit access for mirah\
4. Petersime -> product image in DO, RN, Picking or Packing printout\
5. VDB -> missing source document in the contract 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
6. Oishi -> pro forma list\
7. Oishi -> date in SOA (sould show the end date) \
8. Oishi -> show payment terms remarks at the end of an invoice after the sales person name\
9. SNP -> printout improvement (helping agus)\
10. SNP -> cannot confirm Asset 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
11. SNP ->  hide coa in TB\
12. SNP -> check Assets Report comment 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
13. TNL -> one time vendor\
14. TNL -> add analytic group\
\
Rabu, 1 October 2025\
1. Lumchang -> double qty in 2nd transfer of ITR (the data created before the fix)\
2. CBPP -> missing barcode field in product 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
3. UMW -> missing RA and convert quotation number to RA 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
4. TWP -> copy vendor price list from F&N Creameries to F&N Foods Pte Ltd\
5. Lumchang -> change demand manually 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
6. TCC -> restore db\
7. SNP -> server and app detatil disscusion\
8. Oishi -> date in SOA (sould show the end date) \
9. Oishi -> Date filter explanation\
\
Kamis, 2 October 2025\
1. Oishi -> Invoice still show full amount\
2. Oishi -> Grant Maggie and Sales a Customer statement\
3. Oishi -> unable to create invoice from SO/25/10/02/7706 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
4. Petersime -> Picking notes improvement 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
5. Lumchang -> how to change ITR demand\
6. Petersime -> Product Line Location in picking notes update\
7. TCC -> Statistic report update\
8. SNP -> printout improvement update\
\
Jumat, 3 October 2025 (Half Day)\
1. Lumchang -> change ITR operation demand\
2. TCC -> Change Fees head amount\
3. TCC -> Expected Term Date Range - End Date\
\
Senin, 6 October 2025\
1. FASS -> server down\
2. Kinto -> Handover by Yasmine\
3. TCC -> checking statistic report\
4. TCC -> vibrant not pushed 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
5. Rudy -> working the outstanding issues\
\
Selasa, 7 October 2025\
Leave Sick\
\
Rabu, 8 October 2025\
1. Rudy -> summarize rudy report improvement\
2. Oishi -> incorrect tax INV 09/7686\
3. Oishi -> lagging issue\
4. Oishi -> cannot create invoice 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
5. Oishi -> cannot confirm CN\
6. TCC -> Change Fees head amount\
7. TCC -> delete duplicate fees head (check the impact)\
8. Terrenus -> auto generate lot number\
9. Petersime -> cannot mark as to do the Picking log\
10. Rudy -> Renaming menu\
\
Kamis, 9 October 2025\
1. TCC -> delete duplicate fees head (check the impact)\
2. Petersime -> grant access for ops3 (rizam)\
3. Terrenus -> GRN auto lot generated guide\
4. Terrenus -> Transfer Reference in GDN (its from DO)\
6. Terrenus -> GDN flow\
7. Terrenus -> Delete GRN (cannot delete, Create DO)\
8. Terrenus -> auto lot generate access\
9. Terrenus -> Create DO to offset GRN\
10. Terrenus -> How to see Archive\
\
Jumat, 10 October 2025\
1. TCC -> statistic report (course level vs level in score menu) 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
2. TCC -> adding applicant's name in payment of admission fee email 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
3. Oishi -> incorrect tax INV 09/7686 fix\
4. Petersime -> add 'available quantity' in Ad-hoc Transfer menu on mobile apps 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
5. Petersime -> move all stock to bin (on hold)\
6. Terrenus -> answering all the queries in the email\
7. Terrenus -> meeting with Tan\
8. Terrenus di stock per warehouse angkanya ga nambah dari 201 jadi 301 malah jadi 202\
9. Terrenus -> Approve button and check availability button in DO and GTN (becuase of approval matrix has not been setup yet)\
\
Senin, 13 October 2025\
1. Lumchang -> Fix ITR qty (second transfer)\
2. Lumchang -> wrong ITR qty (first transfer) (she change the qty) 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
3. Petersime -> add 'available quantity' in Ad-hoc Transfer menu on mobile apps\
4. Terrenus -> meeting with Tan\
5. Terrenus -> the number in stock per warehouse (its pallet number not qty)\
6. Terrenus -> Stuck state after approve (minimum qty in approval still 0)\
7. Terrenus -> 0 energy (the product has been reserved for a DO)\
8. Terrenus -> unreserve the product\
9. Terrenus -> wipe out all the data\
10. Terrenus -> Testing link preparation\
11. Terrenus -> System lag (because the data)\
12. TNL -> access right report\
13. TNL -> PR approval matrix\
14. TNL -> remove some users\
\
Selasa, 14 October 2025\
1. Lumchang -> cannot scroll the filter in stock per warehouse menu\
2. Oishi -> cannot post the CN\
3. TCC -> change wording \'93Attended From" to "Date of Joining"\
4. TCC -> repush vibrant\
5. TCC -> cannot login because the wrong confirm password\
6. VDB -> cannot confirm SQ\
7. Weekly meeting\
8. Terrenus -> lagging issue when generate a lot of lot\
9. Terrenus -> changing the lot scenario (become a single lot for multiple qty)\
\
Rabu, 15 October 2025\
1. Oishi -> confirm CN\
2. Oishi -> cannot create Invoice (the delivery doesn\'92t done yet)\
3. TCC -> cannot change password 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
4. Terrenus -> meeting with tan\
5. Terrenus -> move inventory report to the top\
6. Terrenus -> apply default filter in inven report (internal location, group by product->warehouse)\
7. Terrenus -> Add energy in inven report 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
8. Terrenus -> dashboard 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
9. Terrenus -> reserved 0 immediately after GRN 
\f1 \uc0\u10060 
\f0 \
10. Terrenus -> delete stock quant and correct the qty\
11. Terrenus -> Location config if the location is missing the transfer\
12. Terrenus -> correct current sequence (()000002)\
13. Terrenus -> error when validate (fill the done qty)\
14. Terrenus -> reserved stocks\
15. TCC -> statistic report update\
16. TNL -> HM user report\
17. TNL -> CR\
18 VDB -> downpayment receivable account\
\
Kamis, 16 October 2025\
1. Oishi -> check outstanding soa AP MBS (invoice has not been paid yet)\
2. SNP -> sending software details\
3. Petersime -> reconstructing location\
4. TCC -> filter in the student search more acad tracking\
5. TCC -> reset password for faculty\
6. Oishi -> cannot confirm 0770 CN\
7. Oishi -> want to change the CN tax\
8. Terrenus -> Energy calculation\
9. Terrenus -> Project site under project name\
10. Terrenus -> meeting with tan\
11. Terrenus -> fully reserve after GRN\
12. Terrenus -> creating new menu to show all stock.picking group by project sites\
\
Jumat, 17 october 2025\
1. Petersime -> Mobile app function after restructuring the location\
2. Petersime -> provide opening stock template\
3. Terrenus -> function to see the total qty for a single site\
4. Terrenus -> how to unreserve the transfer\
5. Terrenus -> fix the DO approval matrix\
6. Terrenus -> create a new template to export the Project sites menu\
7. TCC -> uploading the photo in the student profile front end\
8. TCC -> search more in the student acad tracking 03425\
9. TCC -> faculty change password\
10. TCC -> Interim dean access for Lim Poh Cheng and Angeline Teoh\
11. TNL -> CR update\
12. Terrenus -> Dashboard update\
\
Senin, 20 October 2025\
Public holiday\
\
Selasa, 21 October 2025\
1. Terrenus -> cannot unserved the GTN (fix the reserved qty first)\
2. Terrenus -> removed unused column in inventory repot menu\
3. Terrenus -> dashboard update\
4. Terrenus -> check user access (intern helping the task)\
5. TCC -> issue update\
6. TCC -> deploy the changes to the live server\
7. TCC -> 2024 TCA Statistic report update (because the \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
discrepancies\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 , need to export separately)\
8. TNL -> PO approval matrix confirmations\
9. TNL -> cannot import Journal (the data record the another journal but the user import it from the bill. by right, import it from \'91journal entry\'92)\
10. Monthly meeting intl team\
\
Rabu, 22 October 2025\
1. TCC -> issue update\
2. TCC -> No of Student studying in this school calculation filter\
3. Terrenus -> dashboard update\
4. Terrenus -> meeting\
5. UMW -> granted access for kong.lai.chung@umweepl.com.sg for quotation edit\
\
Kamis, 23 October 2025\
1. Maxhill -> duplicate product code\
2. TCC -> tracker list update\
3. Terrenus -> Dashboard update\
\
Jumat, 24 October 2025\
1. Lumchang -> On hand qty explanation\
2. Lumchnag -> Damage qty explanation\
3. Maxhill -> duplicate product code (because of the duplicate tab or user access at the same time)\
4. Mindef -> UAT discuss with Chris\
5. TCC -> meeting\
6. TCC -> system maintenance view\
7. VBD -> helping Justine to solve other expanse menu\
\
Senin, 27 October 2025\
1. SNP -> Annex C-1 Requirement update\
2. TNL -> create \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Evelyn Hing user (duplicate from Shu Min)\
3. TCC -> OLMS button access in the intake menu (remove from faculty)\
4. TCC -> statistic report update\
5. TCC -> remove unused DB from the testing\
\
Selasa, 28 October 2025\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 1. SQC -> System follow up\
2. Giga Gas -> System follow up\
3. Pixel -> separate receipt payment\
4. DZH -> Server down\
5. TCC -> cannot open admission\
6. Oishi -> check reconciled CN explanation\
7. Oishi -> avail invoice in CN explanation\
8. SGM -> Generate allocation for new employee \uc0\u55357 \u57313 \
9. SGM -> user manual payroll \uc0\u55357 \u57313 \
10. SGM -> delete dummy ATC data\
11. SGM -> how to check leave date (from leaves menu)\
\
Rabu, 29 October 2025\
1. Terrenus -> GTN not detect a lot \uc0\u55357 \u57313 \
2. Petersime -> restructuring location \
3. Amrtur -> create a new user \
4. Pixelmafia -> differentiate sequence\
5. Rudy -> Jean cannot reset password (due to blank space)\
6. TCC -> CR discussion with internal team \
7. Oishi -> cannot confirm CN (delete corrective account)\
8. Oishi -> cannot reconcile CN (Confirm the CN first)\
9. Oishi -> check the minus in Aging report \
10. TCC -> recommendation email\
11. TCC -> the study mode not changed (bacause they change the program first so the program no longer same with the study mode request)\
12. TCC -> same case when course regist (they change the program first so the program no longer same with the course regist)\
13. Lumchang -> on hand qty explanation\
14. Lumchang -> Fix demand\
\
Kamis, 30 October 2025\
1. Amrtur -> create a new user\
2. TWP -> server down\
3. Lumchang -> Fix demand\
4. Esteel -> golive ceremony\
5. Petersime -> wipe data\
6. Petersime -> location import\
7. TCC -> application outcome access\
8. TCC -> fix change of program scenario \uc0\u55357 \u57313 \
\
Jumat, 31 October 2025\
1. TCC -> cannot access the admission (due to large file. we have downloaded it and ask tcc team to upload it manually)\
2. TNL -> Customer and vendor master data period of 1 April 2025 to 30 September 2025\
3. TNL -> access control (must copy the email to Jone Zhou)\
4. Oishi -> pricelist update\
5. Oishi -> SQ data list\
6. Petersime -> location restructure\
7. TNL -> double payment created for BILL/25/10/31/424 (need further check for the root cause)\
\
Senin 3 Nov 2025\
1. Plastic -> opbal stock\
2. Lumchang -> change ITR wrong demand qty (execute query)\
3. Esteel -> add "Origin" and "Heat Number" columns in the stock count\
4. Cmon -> import JE (helping Cindy)\
5. Petersime -> restructuring location\
6. Oishi -> pricelist import\
7. Oishi -> product import\
\
Selasa, 4 Nov 2025\
1. Oishi -> cannot validate DO (need assign a lot)\
2. TCC -> if there is provision for the status from front-end to reflect "Graduating"?\
3. Plastic -> opbal stock (some of the products are missing)\
4. Petersime -> remove firdaus from the system\
5. Petersime -> change approval matrix users\
6. Petersime -> change access for ops1 and ops2 to warehouse manager\
7. Petersime -> cannot check availability (wrong operation type config)\
8. Petersime -> cannot mark as to do\
9. Oishi -> product import template\
10. TNL -> create a new user (Lin Jing-Lin, Jing \uc0\u26519 \u38745 )\
11. weekly meeting\
\
Rabu, 5 Nov 2025\
1. Lumchang -> change ITR qty\
2. TCC -> \'91graduating\'92 status between backend and frontend\
3. Petersime -> cannot mark as to do (check and fix operation configuration)\
4. TWP -> change stock take state\
\
Kamis, 6 Nov 2025\
1. Petersime -> fix operation config and delivery order config\
2. Terrenus -> available qty questions\
\
Jumat, 7 Nov 2025\
1. Terrenus -> Dashboard update (seperate qty and avail qty)\
2. Terenus -> current qty explanation in GTN\
3. Terrenus -> reserved qty menu\
4. Plastictecnic -> Do we need to enter the lot number,@ batch date so we can issue and deliver because the system has a request it. Can we assume the items currently in warehouse are the first batch @date but separate them by type of items?\
5. Petersime -> adhoc transfer not appear correctly\
6. Oishi -> cannot open sales or quotation (Jewel create a new pricelist and tick default pricelist)\
7. Oishi -> Pricelist change and mass update pricelist\
8. Oishi -> import new pricelist (overscoop)\
\
Senin, 10 Nov 2025\
1. Plastictecnic -> create asset button in RN\
2. Plastictecnic -> a difference between Print and picking operations print\
3. TCC -> applicant keyed in her mailing address but the draft invoice shows her email address instead. \
4. Terrenus -> reserved stock menu\
5. Petersime -> solve wrong destination delivery (web and handheld)\
6. HR Training with LND\
\
Selasa, 11 Nov 2025\
1. Petersime -> Shipping Note on mobile apps (not available)\
2. SGM -> how to resign (use archive in employee master data)\
3. TCC -> correct the mailing address\
4. CHC -> handover and golive ceremony\
5. Oishi -> cannot confirm CN\
6. Oishi -> change credit term \
7. Oishi -> import new pricelist\
8. Oishi -> cancel CN\
9. Terrenus -> their expectations Report and current qty explanation\
10. Plastictecnic -> Create Asset button (not available because its not included in the current project scope) \
11. Motul -> new user cannot login using microsoft\
12. UMW -> change t&c wording (helping Nathan)\
\
Rabu, 12 Nov 2025\
1. Bibus -> Lot incompatible\
2. Plastictecnic -> cannot access or create user \uc0\u55357 \u57313 \
3. Motul -> new user creation explanation (Oauth)\
4. Petersime -> wrong from and to when transfer \uc0\u55357 \u57313 \
5. SGM -> Attachment not mandatory for HR \uc0\u55357 \u57313 \
6. SGM -> add HR as approver as well to cater adhoc leave\
7. UMW -> access and Sales Team amendment \uc0\u55357 \u57313 \
8. Oishi -> pricelist not changes (wrong customer)\
9. Oishi -> pricelist import (encountering some issues. revert to client) \uc0\u55357 \u57313 \
\
Kamis, 13 Nov 2025\
1. Petersime -> wrong from and to when adhoc transfer on mobile apps\
2. TNL -> backup latest db\
3. Terrenus -> Check Availability not woking for 490Wp\
4. UMW -> Access management\
5. TCC -> hi, I want to know which course registration (active not canceled status) have not been issued an invoice. where should I export the report from? I want to be able to filter by school and term. thanks\
6. Oishi -> Pricelist upload\
7. Oishi -> Confirm CN\
\
Jumat, 14 Nov 2025\
Leave\
\
Senin, 17 Nov 2025\
1. Terrenus -> cannot check availability GTN (product not on the list but appean on the detailed ops)\
2. UMW -> Access update\
3. Oishi -> minus ageing (Madame Ozee)\
4. Oishi -> label not appear in printout\
5. Oishi -> cannot confirm CN\
6. Oishi -> duplicate product under the same customer (pricelist import)\
7. TCC -> third recommendation visibility\
8. Lumchang -> added Kang Yeong Chern as TLC approval\
9. Petersime -> workaround for wrong from and to when transfer case (create draft transfer on mobile and continue the process on web)\
10. TNL -> cannot confirm CN on testing server (because the CR module not installed yet)\
\
Selasa, 18 Nov 2025\
1. Oishi -> Pricelist per customer check import\
2. Oishi -> Generic pricelist upload (done on 11 nov)\
3. Oishi -> cannot confirm CN\
4. Oishi -> SOA total cumulative \
5. Lumchang -> how to cancel ITR (transfer back the goods)\
6. Petersime -> discuss with product team to cater mobile apps issue \
7. CHC -> conflict time\
8. CHC -> delete time slot under venue\
9. TCC -> False alert\
10. TCC -> duplicate CN in report (unposted one of them)\
11. Kinto -> access right management\
\
Rabu, 19 Nov 2025\
1. TCC -> reject program change request\
2. TCC -> CN sequence number\
3. Oishi -> pricelist import\
4. SGM -> cannot generate allocation (due to annual leave type, duplicate leave type and leave structure for new employee)\
5. Kinto -> meeting with them\
6. Kinto -> access right for users\
\
Kamis, 20 Nov 2025\
1. Kinto -> submobility approval\
2. Kinto -> CRM flow explanation (lead -> submobility -> contract)\
3. Kinto -> desmond wrong link and reset password\
4. SGM -> leave structure update\
\
Jumat, 21 Nov 2025\
1. Petersime -> Mobile apps update\
2. UMW -> Rental and sales (quotation and aggrement) export\
3. TCC -> Duplicate CN (need to create DN but will impact the inv number)\
4. Oishi -> new pricelist import checking\
5. Oishi -> Invoice partially paid but unpaid now (someone unreconciled the payment)\
6. Oishi -> cannot confirm CN\
7. SGM -> cannot manage ACR (will add HR team as approval matrix)\
\
Senin, 24 Nov 2025\
1. Petersime -> check new apps on testing server\
2. Terrenus -> nothing happen after check availability\
3. TCC -> grafana discuss\
4. Oishi -> Remove, add and amend default pricelist\
5. SGM -> checking Siska leave balance because she cannot take a leave\
6. TWP -> outlet creation (asking Nathan to help)\
\
Selasa, 25 Nov 2025\
1. Giga Gas -> cannot access the system\
2. Terrenus -> GTN check (nothing happen after check availability) the product does not available in the location\
3. SGM -> check allocation calculation\
4. SGM -> user access right \
5. Kinto -> reset password weechiat.ang@toyotafinancial.sg\
6. Petersime -> checking new mobile app (the app still using testing database)\
7. TCC -> Cancel Change of Program\
8. TCC -> Duplicate system in the live server\
9. TCC -> Intake doesnt open (minor fix for timedelta lib)\
\
Rabu, 26 Nov 2025\
1. Oishi -> adding and amend some product on the default pricelist\
2. Oishi -> lagging issue\
3. TCC -> testing CAMS\
4. Pixel -> discuss with Yohanes dan Jewel regarding the broken Bill (create a new bill)\
5. Terrenus -> Reserved qty (there is stock_move but no picking there)\
6. Terrenus -> video guides all transfer flow, product and warehouse creation (intern help record the flow)\
7. Lumchang -> where to see the move of the product (from product move menu)\
8. Step Fastener -> answering clients concern and discuss internally regarding the CR\
\
Kamis, 27 Nov 2025\
1. SNP -> BIR document\
2. Kinto -> Email access fix (desmond access)\
3. Step Fastener -> CR discussion\
4. Oishi -> invoice check\
5. Kinto -> Old approval matrix\
\
Jumat, 28 Nov 2025\
1. SGM -> leave prorate calculation (because they using annual leave)\
2. Petersime -> mobile apps update\
3. TCC -> term not appear at 12am\
4. TCC -> course doesnt open (probably due to an error in the scheduler)\
5. TCC -> debit note not bring the CN lines\
6. Terrenus -> unreserve the qty\
7. Kinto -> approval matrix update for alvin Taka\
8. TNL -> Rachel cannot see accounting menu (fix with login as feature)\
9. TNL -> new product account setup \
10. TNL -> following up CR test to Jone\
11. TCC -> Porting Grade checking\
\
Senin, 1 December 2025\
1. Gigagas -> 2FA UI fix\
2. Terrenus -> unreserve the product\
3. TCC -> debit note\
4. TCC -> open OLMS scheduler\
5. Oishi -> create miscellaneous SKU\
6. Oishi -> cannot confirm the invoice 11-8235\
7. E-stell -> missing some column in Inventpry report in lot serial number menu (admin and user should have the same view)\
8. TNL -> Vendor creation date\
9. \
\
Selasa 2 December 2025\
1. Kinto -> grant access Desmond, Weina and Pei Yee\
2. TCC -> OLMS open date check\
3. Gigagas -> 2FA UI update\
4. Gigagas -> 2FA setup guide\
5. Asiana -> project handover by Rajasa\
6. Weekly update\
7. Esteel -> add new column in inventory report\
8. Oishi -> warehousing and orders system access\
9. Oishi -> due date bencoolen\
10. Oishi -> cannot confirm CN\
11. Oishi -> cannot confirm invoice (11-8235)\
\
Rabu, 3 Desember 2025\
1. Kinto -> vehicle asset control explanation (no prius plus hybrid in the list)\
2. Oishi -> Sales with 0 unit price \
3. Oishi -> fix invoice (11-8235)\
4. Oishi -> grant a product creation access for Sales\
5. Oishi -> change Elemen F&B delivery address \
6. Asiana -> Go live ceremony\
7. TCC -> course regist time fix\
8. TCC -> Debit note explanation\
9. Lumchang -> setup account in prod categ (KRJ/INT/OUT/25/12/03/674) \uc0\u55357 \u57313 \
10. TNL -> duplicate vendor check\
\
Kamis, 4 Desember 2025\
1. Oishi -> $0 SQ explanation\
2. Oishi -> change the customer address\
3. Lumchang -> new user access explanation\
4. Esteel -> Product from\
5. Esteel -> product field in product menu list\
6. Gigagas -> zining access for CRM (delete contact)\
7. Petersime -> meeting with Azmi and lowel\
8. Petersime -> mobile apps check and discuss with product team\
9. TCC -> porting grade data preparation\
\
Jumat, 5 Desember 2025\
1. Giga gas -> Grant access to remove contact\
2. UMW -> extract customer list\
3. Petersime -> Mobile apps update\
4. Lumchang -> stock transfer transit account \
5. TCC -> porting grade preparation data\
6. TCC -> scheduler check\
7. TCC -> AU grade for audit course line when porting grade (if manual_grade = null -> grade = AU; if manual_grade != null -> grade = manual_grade)\
8. Esteel -> product form guidence\
9. TNL -> attachment error in the testing server\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}